

Player Object:
    Constructor
    Character Creation

    Joseph: I think there should be skills based on Fallout's SPECIAL system 
    with some added perks. For extras we could have Mechanical Ability 
    (for Vehicles), Composure for stress management, and etc.
    We should also consider adding a Thirst, Hunger, 
    and body temperature stat to keep players aware that they
    need to feed and shelter their character.


    Skills?
        EX: Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma
        Also: Luck, Mechanical, Shooting, Medical, Composure? etc. 
    Character Archtypes/Classes?
    Add stats to rolls


Game:

    ///////Joseph's take : We can discuss an end goal later but Id like the 
    game to be about reaching a destination. That destination can be multiple 
    places as reaching there will be based on the player's choices. Example: 
    "PlayerA chose to be pacifistic in their journey and ended up settling in a
    remote village in canada where zombies cant reach due to the cold weather. 
    THE END" or "PlayerA ended up finding an abandoned football stadium where 
    he founded a town that would be a safe haven for travelers. That place is 
    now called Tiger Town. THE END"

    The *chance system* should be influenced by the player's stats. Say if the
    player's STR stat is high and they needed to lift a stuck garage door. They 
    would have a 90% chance of success where a player with a low STR stat 
    would have a 30% chance of success. We can discuss more on how this could 
    work if needed.

    *Vehicles* could help the player on their journey BUT should be limited. 
    There should be a chance of a car part failing or a chance that they 
    could run out of gas before reaching a destination. LUCK and MECH stats 
    can be useful here as the character would need the skills to find gas or 
    repair their vehicle.

    *Shops* are useful but should be a risk. In a post apocalyptic world, 
    raiders could be posing as shop keeps trying to lure survivors to 
    their doom. This is where the PERCPT and LUCK stats could come in. 
    In the case of an actual shop and currency system, the character 
    should try and collect a currency throughout their journey so that
     they can afford supplies. Shops should be a one and done thing
    found along their journey.

    There is no going back... (0 v 0) 
                                |||

    *Bases* Checkpoints should be critical as they should be a way for the 
    player to go back to a checkpoint if they die. Because this game should
    be a one way linear system (If we decide on it) players should no longer 
    be able to return to previous checkpoints however I think that it would be 
    smart by allowing the player to explore the vicinity of their base to 
    search for supplies. If they wish to continue on 
    their journey, the game should warn them of their inability to return. 

    \\\\\\\\\\\\

    Rolling dice/Random chance
    Creating and implementing random events
    Creating locations for players to travel
    Shops?
    Vehicles?
    Bases for players to stay at?
    End goal?
    
Misc:
    Art? (Probably just ASCII since its a text game)

    Joseph: I like this idea. /\

Questions:

    Joseph: I like the idea of random generation but i also like Fallout's 
    system. Depending on how y'all feel about it, The endings can be more 
    dynamic if we decide to go with random generation. However if you prefer to 
    have a more linear system, we could choose player choice. On the topic of 
    range, I like the idea of 0 being a neutral and the concept of being bad 
    at something. We could possibly have a range between -10 and 10 with -10 
    being terrible at something and 10 being good at something. Debuffs should 
    alter stats based on the context of them. For instance: Having a sickness 
    would be a STR -2 PERCPT-3 CHRIS-5 because you'd be weakened and becuause 
    of lack of modern medicine nobody would want to be around you. 
    Classes are also a good idea. 


    


    How will stat generation work? 
        Dnd has several ways, including random generation, point buy and standard 
        array.Most video games have the player set it themselves (Like Fallout)
        Another potential way is character classes, with each class having good 
        stats and bad stats
    


    What is the range of stats?
        I.e: what is the minimum in a stat vs the max, Dnd is 1 - 20, some 
        games I've seen do 0 - 10, some do -5 - 5 (negatives meaning they 
        are bad at a skill)
   

    Joseph: I think that the player should control one person. Side characters
    should have a set story path that is based off the choices that the player 
    makes. Ex: If you're mean to a character or do things that a side 
    character dislikes, the higher the chances that they could leave you or 
    betray you and vice versa. I thing the MC should meet certain characters 
    along their journey by making specific choices that would be 
    deemed acceptable to them. NO ROMANCE. ROMANCE STORIES ARE CRINGE. 
    I think the party limit should be 4 like the oregon trail. There should
    be negatives to having a large party like resource 
    consumption and unwanted attention.


    How many characters can the player control? 
        I think the original oregon trail has 4 characters in your "party"

    
